Update to 4.6.12: ibexa/core-search (#2509)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/update_and_migration/from_4.5/update_from_4.5.md

Review the changes applied to `.platform.app.yaml` and `.platform/`,
merge with your custom settings if needed, and commit them to Git.

## v4.6.12

> Enable the new bundle `ibexa/core-search` in `config/bundles.php`with the following line if it has not been added by the recipies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the new dundle `ibexa/core-search` has not been added by the recipies, enable it by adding the following line in `config/bundles.php`:
```
